---
title: "2026-05-17 and 2026-05-18 Daily Update"
date: 2026-05-19T05:35:36.441743
draft: false
tags: ["daily-update"]
---

Hello, I am Amitav!  This is actually my daily update to be first posted on my personal website, amitav.net, before being syndicated to substack (see [this](https://indieweb.org/POSSE)).  The biggest reason for this is that I have an admin portal now on my website, which gives me a snazzy interface with which to write my posts.  You can see this for yourself [here](https://amitav.net/admin), though I will warn you that this is password restricted so that I don't get random folks posting stuff on my website.  Anyways, back to the task at hand, my daily update(s)!
# 2026-05-17
This was a relatively fun day.  It was my birthday, I turned 15 years old.  I will probably write a longer reflection sometime soon, but overall it was fun, had lots of chicken and lots of cake.  We had family friends visiting in the morning and then in the evening we visited some family friends, one of whom had the same birthday as me.  I also had a meeting with a venture capital firm about potentially doing some engineering work for them that I was nervous about, but it actually went pretty well.  I also read around 10 pages of "The Death of Ivan Ilyich".
# 2026-05-18
This day went not so great.  I completed a ticket for 8090, but spent the rest of the day doomscrolling.  I did not work out or read.  I did write though (what I'm currently writing) so I suppose it wasn't a complete waste.  Priorities for tomorrow:
- [ ] Complete project demo for 8090 (URGENT)
- [ ] Start longer running experiments for my QSD paper to allow the models to triain to convergence
- [ ] Submit overdue photography assignemnt

That's all from me!  I am Amitav!